marimbabot_bringup/README.md, before:

# TAMS Master Project 2022/2023 - Bringup

This package contains the launch files for the bringup of the robot.
The launch process is described in the top level [README](../README.md).

## Launch Files

### marimbabot_ur5_bringup.launch
This file is already configured to work with our setup.
However, the following parameters and code parts may be of interest. 

When using a wifi connection to the mallet, one can set the ip address and port here:

```xml
<group if="$(eval mallet_holder_type=='flex_double')">
            <!--> ... <-->
            <group if="$(arg mallet_joint_wifi)">
                <node name="mallet_hardware_control_node" pkg="marimbabot_hardware" type="mallet_hardware_control_node_wifi" output="screen">
                    <!-- Setting device parameter -->
                    <param name="address" value="192.168.42.1"/>
                    <param name="port" value="8888"/>
                </node>
            </group>
            <!--> ... <-->
</group>

```

The robot ip address can be set here:
```xml
<include file="$(find ur_robot_driver)/launch/ur_control.launch">
    <!-- Other arguments -->
    <arg name="robot_ip" value="192.168.1.12"/>
    <!-- Other arguments -->
</include>

```

### marimbabot_bringup.launch
Launches the bringup of the robot. It launches the following packages:

- marimbabot_vision
- marimbabot_speech
- marimbabot_behavior
- marimbabot_audio
- marimbabot_planning

Commit message:

add reference to hardware design

marimbabot_bringup/README.md, after:

# TAMS Master Project 2022/2023 - Bringup

This package contains the launch files for the bringup of the robot.
The launch process is described in the top level [README](../README.md).

## Launch Files

### marimbabot_ur5_bringup.launch
This file is already configured to work with our setup.
However, the following parameters and code parts may be of interest. Also, for further information you may want to visit [hardware_design](https://github.com/UHHRobotics22-23/hardware_design).

When using a wifi connection to the mallet, one can set the ip address and port here:

```xml
<group if="$(eval mallet_holder_type=='flex_double')">
            <!--> ... <-->
            <group if="$(arg mallet_joint_wifi)">
                <node name="mallet_hardware_control_node" pkg="marimbabot_hardware" type="mallet_hardware_control_node_wifi" output="screen">
                    <!-- Setting device parameter -->
                    <param name="address" value="192.168.42.1"/>
                    <param name="port" value="8888"/>
                </node>
            </group>
            <!--> ... <-->
</group>

```

The robot ip address can be set here:
```xml
<include file="$(find ur_robot_driver)/launch/ur_control.launch">
    <!-- Other arguments -->
    <arg name="robot_ip" value="192.168.1.12"/>
    <!-- Other arguments -->
</include>

```

### marimbabot_bringup.launch
Launches the bringup of the robot. It launches the following packages:

- marimbabot_vision
- marimbabot_speech
- marimbabot_behavior
- marimbabot_audio
- marimbabot_planning
