marimbabot_vision/scripts/README.md, before:

[comment]: <> (A README file that describes the script inside this folder.)

This README file describes the usage of the scripts inside this folder. In order of usage, the scripts are:

## Scripts

### `flatten_whiteboard_data.py`
This script generates a separate dataset including one sample folder for each captured whiteboard picture. Each sample folder contains the correspoding .txt file, the .ly file and the .png file.

### `generate_dataset_full.sh`
Executes all data generating scripts (generate_data.py, generate_hw_data.py, generate_augmented_data.py) in order to generate a full dataset. The dataset is saved in the `data`, `data_augmented`, `data_hw` and `data_hw_augmented` folders.

### `generate_data.py`
Generates a dataset of images of the random note sheets withing given a note-specific duration restriction (e.g. use a 1/16th note as a minimum duration). The dataset is saved in the `data` folder.

### `generate_augmented_data.py`
Given a folder of images, generates an augmented dataset of images. The dataset is saved in the `data_augmented` folder.


### `generate_hw_data.py`
Given a folder of images, generates a dataset of images with handwritten notes. The dataset is saved in the `data_hw` folder.

### `real_world_data_collection.py`
This script is used when collection real world data, e.g. from a webcam that is pointed at a whiteboard. It is used to collect images of the whiteboard and the corresponding Lilypond file. The images are saved in the `data_real` folder.

### `train.py`
Trains a model on the a set of given `train_data_paths`.

### `detect.py`
This script is used for live detection of notes. A trained model can be used to initialize. The current model is stored at HuggingFace and its path/name is set by the `MODEL_PATH` parameter inside `config/vision_node.yaml` The detected notes are shown in a window.

Commit message:

211 adjust the synthetic dataset generation (#224)
* rotate image by -90 degree

for landscape mode
landscape mode aligns with the output of generate_hw_data.py

* fixes a bug where args were not correctly recognized

add a new simple set of default variables (simplification)

* implements dotted note logic

* add documentation

* shuffle durations

* restrict to marcato as articulation

this restriction is part of https://github.com/UHHRobotics22-23/marimbabot/issues/221

* adjust dynamic, adjust accidentals

marimbabot_vision/scripts/README.md, after:

[comment]: <> (A README file that describes the script inside this folder.)

This README file describes the usage of the scripts inside this folder. In order of usage, the scripts are:

## Scripts

### `flatten_whiteboard_data.py`
This script generates a separate dataset including one sample folder for each captured whiteboard picture. Each sample folder contains the correspoding .txt file, the .ly file and the .png file.

### `generate_dataset_full.sh`
Executes all data generating scripts (generate_data.py, generate_hw_data.py, generate_augmented_data.py) in order to generate a full dataset. The dataset is saved in the `data`, `data_augmented`, `data_hw` and `data_hw_augmented` folders.

### `generate_data.py`
Generates a dataset of images of the random note sheets withing given a note-specific duration restriction (e.g. use a 1/16th note as a minimum duration). The dataset is saved in the `data` folder.

Arguments:
  -  num_samples: Amount of data to be generated.
  -  num_worker: Amount of workers that are used to generate the data.
  -  min_duration: Minimum duration for a note, e.g. 16 for 1/16th note.
  -  output_dir: Folder for the generated data.
  -  dynamics: Determine whether to sample data that includes dynamics.
  -  slurs: Determine whether to sample data that includes slurs.
  -  scales: Determine whether to sample data that includes scales.
  -  articulations: Determine whether to sample data that includes articulations.
  -  chords: Determine whether to sample data that includes chords.
  -  repeats: Determine whether to sample data that includes repeats.
  -  tempo: Determine whether to sample data that includes tempo.

The following command generates 100 samples of data with 4 workers and saves the data in the `data` folder. The dynamics are set to ['False' ](https://stackoverflow.com/a/44561739) and the slurs are set to 'True'. <br>
    `python generate_data.py 100 --num_worker 4  --output_dir data --dynamics "" --slurs True`


### `generate_augmented_data.py`
Given a folder of images, generates an augmented dataset of images. The dataset is saved in the `data_augmented` folder.


### `generate_hw_data.py`
Given a folder of images, generates a dataset of images with handwritten notes. The dataset is saved in the `data_hw` folder.

### `real_world_data_collection.py`
This script is used when collection real world data, e.g. from a webcam that is pointed at a whiteboard. It is used to collect images of the whiteboard and the corresponding Lilypond file. The images are saved in the `data_real` folder.

### `train.py`
Trains a model on the a set of given `train_data_paths`.

### `detect.py`
This script is used for live detection of notes. A trained model can be used to initialize. The current model is stored at HuggingFace and its path/name is set by the `MODEL_PATH` parameter inside `config/vision_node.yaml` The detected notes are shown in a window.
